Poincaré models for Hyperbolic space (#219)
JuliaManifolds/Manifolds.jl: docs/src/features/utilities.md

# Ease of notation

> The following terms introduce a nicer notation for some operations, line using $p ∈ \mathcal M$ to determine, whether $p$ is a point on the [`Manifold`](@ref) $\mathcal M$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following terms introduce a nicer notation for some operations, for example using the ∈ operator, $p ∈ \mathcal M$, to determine whether $p$ is a point on the [`Manifold`](@ref) $\mathcal M$.
```
